{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf360
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9160\viewh8380\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Agenda for Meeting 13-8-12\
\
1. Becoming a Concordia Club\
	A. Proposal to Admin - Main leaders - Nick and Jin\
							- Update??\
		i. Budget\
			a. Who will be treasurer?\
			b. Must keep careful track of budget -> Must not be questionable\
			c. If it is questionable, we may be shut down as a club\
		ii. Official Status\
			a. Becoming an official club -> Will we be allowed to have other 			school's students participate in our club?\
				1. I think that we will not be able to have them, although 				we can create a partnership similar to MUN/APAC.\
		iii. Faculty Sponsor\
			a. Target members? - Mr Klammer, Dr Tong, Who else?\
	B. Advertisement to Students\
		i. Presentation Slot on Friday?\
			a. Who will be in charge of a presentation?\
				1. Andrew - Need proposal to begin the PPT\
			b. Dress code to stand in front of them?\
			c. Showing off "cool stuff"\'85 What can we show them?\
				1. Need to show them very "cool" stuff, get them interested\
		ii. Posters around school\
			a. Jin - Poster updates?\
\
2. Club Business\
	A. Executive Positions - Who? Responsibilities? Elections, Nominations?\
		i. President - Nick\
		ii. Vice President\
		iii. Treasurer - Andrew\
		iv. Secretary - Jin\
	B. Meeting Times / Dates / How often?\
\
3. Help around school\
	A. Assist with electronics for prom?\
		i. Making a special set of lights?\
			a. Lights that respond to music\
	B. Moss experiments - Jin??\
		i. Composting the food waste\
		ii. SAS has a good idea - worms and waste\
			1. Feeding worms in an empty fish tank to break down food\
	C. Anything else we can help with?\
		i. We want to appear as an open group; very hardworking group\
		ii. Trying to make everything better at school\
	D. Lights on each floor - Andrew's Idea\
		i. Each floor will have light/motion sensors, will only turn on if there is 		motion and/or there is heat detected.\
		ii. Set up photoresistors so that lights only turn on when the light 			conditions are dim, saving more energy, saving more light.\
		iii. Not having to turn each floor on and off -> Much easier\
		iv. We need to propose this idea to the group, then to the admins\
		v. Get an allowance to go buy wires. Hook up all floors to a single 			Arduino that reads each floor as a separate I/O pins\
			1. Measure the amount of wire needed (LOTS)\
			2. Dealing with high voltage\'85Will it be allowed?\
			3. Buy a new arduino just for this? I have an Arduino IC Chip - 			Just use that on a breadboard?\
		vi. Partner with Environmental Committee?\
	E. More Ideas? ADD YOUR OWN\
}